README.md, before:

# Bioinformatic pipeline for processing 16S rRNA amplicon data with exact Amplicon Sequence Variants (ASV's)
The `ASVpipeline.sh` script is a complete linux `BASH` script performing the essential steps in amplicon sequence data processing primarily using [usearch](http://drive5.com/usearch/). 

Outline of the steps performed

For each sample in a `samples` file in the current working directory:
 - Find samples in a folder of sequencing data
 - Filter PhiX sequences from each sample file (by [`filter_phix`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_filter_phix.html))
 - Perform QC filtering of reads based on Phred/Q-scores in the FastQ files (by [`fastq_filter`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_fastq_filter.html))
 - Concatenate all reads from all the samples into one file
 
Then:

 - Find and count unique sequences (by [`fastx_uniques`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_fastx_uniques.html))
 - Perform denoising and chimera filtering of each unique sequence (by [`unoise3`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_unoise3.html))
 - **Search a FASTA file containing ASV's found in previous runs to reuse their ID's (closed reference) enabling cross-study comparison**
 - Predict the taxonomy of the ASV's (by [`sintax`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_sintax.html))
 - Generate ASV table containing read counts of all ASV's for each sample (by [`otutab`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_otutab.html))
 - Cleanup temporary files
  
**References**

Benjamin J Callahan, Paul J McMurdie & Susan P Holmes, 2017, [Exact sequence variants should replace operational taxonomic units in marker-gene data analysis](https://www.nature.com/articles/ismej2017119/). The ISME Journal volume 11, pages 2639–2643

Commit message:

Added description of paths in script

README.md, after:

# Bioinformatic pipeline for processing 16S rRNA amplicon data with exact Amplicon Sequence Variants (ASV's)
The `ASVpipeline.sh` script is a complete linux `BASH` script performing the essential steps in amplicon sequence data processing primarily using [usearch](http://drive5.com/usearch/). All you have to do is have a file in the current working directory called `samples`, where each line is a unique sample name as sequenced on the Illumina machine to process, and adjust the paths to where the raw sequences are located, the taxonomy database, etc at the start of the script. Then simply run the pipeline with fx `bash ASVpipeline.sh 40`, where `40` tells the script to use max 40 threads on the computer.

Outline of the steps performed

For each sample in a `samples` file in the current working directory:
 - Find samples in a folder of sequencing data
 - Filter PhiX sequences from each sample file (by [`filter_phix`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_filter_phix.html))
 - Perform QC filtering of reads based on Phred/Q-scores in the FastQ files (by [`fastq_filter`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_fastq_filter.html))
 - Concatenate all reads from all the samples into one file
 
Then:

 - Find and count unique sequences (by [`fastx_uniques`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_fastx_uniques.html))
 - Perform denoising and chimera filtering of each unique sequence (by [`unoise3`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_unoise3.html))
 - **Search a FASTA file containing ASV's found in previous runs to reuse their ID's (closed reference) enabling cross-study comparison**
 - Predict the taxonomy of the ASV's (by [`sintax`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_sintax.html))
 - Generate ASV table containing read counts of all ASV's for each sample (by [`otutab`](http://drive5.com/usearch/manual/cmd_otutab.html))
 - Cleanup temporary files
  
**References**

Benjamin J Callahan, Paul J McMurdie & Susan P Holmes, 2017, [Exact sequence variants should replace operational taxonomic units in marker-gene data analysis](https://www.nature.com/articles/ismej2017119/). The ISME Journal volume 11, pages 2639–2643
